external: add topologyconstraintpool support for rbd storageclass (#13821)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/external-cluster.md

* `--upgrade`: (optional) Upgrades the cephCSIKeyrings(For example: client.csi-cephfs-provisioner) and client.healthchecker ceph users with new permissions needed for the new cluster version and older permission will still be applied.
* `--restricted-auth-permission`: (optional) Restrict cephCSIKeyrings auth permissions to specific pools, and cluster. Mandatory flags that need to be set are `--rbd-data-pool-name`, and `--k8s-cluster-name`. `--cephfs-filesystem-name` flag can also be passed in case of CephFS user restriction, so it can restrict users to particular CephFS filesystem.
* `--v2-port-enable`: (optional) Enables the v2 mon port (3300) for mons.

> *  `--topology-pools`: (optional) comma-separated list of topology-constrained rbd pools

Reviewer: Capitalize the start of the documentation sentence
```suggestion
*  `--topology-pools`: (optional) Comma-separated list of topology-constrained rbd pools
```

> *  `--topology-failure-domain-label`: (optional) k8s cluster failure domain label (example: zone,rack,host,etc) for the topology-pools that are matching the ceph domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  `--topology-failure-domain-label`: (optional) K8s cluster failure domain label (example: zone, rack, or host) for the topology-pools that match the ceph domain
```

> *  `--topology-failure-domain-values`: (optional) comma-separated list of the k8s cluster failure domain values corresponding to each of the pools in the topology-pools list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  `--topology-failure-domain-values`: (optional) Comma-separated list of the k8s cluster failure domain values corresponding to each of the pools in the `topology-pools` list
```

python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --format bash --rgw-endpoint <rgw_endpoint> --rgw-realm-name <rgw_realm_name>> --rgw-zonegroup-name <rgw_zonegroup_name> --rgw-zone-name <rgw_zone_name>>
```

### Topology Based Provisioning

Enable Topology Based Provisioning for RBD pools by passing `--topology-pools`, `--topology-failure-domain-label` and `--topology-failure-domain-values` flags.

> A new storageclass will be created by the import script named `ceph-rbd-topology` with `volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new storageclass named `ceph-rbd-topology` will be created by the import script with `volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer`.
```

> and will configure topologyConstrainedPools according the input provided.

Reviewer: no need for this phrase, it seems obvious
```suggestion
```

> Later use the storageclass to create a volume in the pool matching the topology of the pod scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The storageclass is used to create a volume in the pool matching the topology where a pod is scheduled.
```

> For more details see the [Topology example](topology-for-external-mode.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see the [Topology-Based Provisioning](topology-for-external-mode.md) topic.
```

python3 create-external-cluster-resources.py --rbd-data-pool-name <pool_name> --format bash --rgw-endpoint <rgw_endpoint> --rgw-realm-name <rgw_realm_name>> --rgw-zonegroup-name <rgw_zonegroup_name> --rgw-zone-name <rgw_zone_name>>
```

> ### Topology Based Provisioning

Author: done
